README.md, before:

# INST326-final-project
Welcome to the Tournament of Water Bottle. Encounter monsters and progress your squadron as you engage in a deadly series of battles for humanity's soul.

This game was created by Nathan Castelo, Ricardo Hernandez, Aviva Solovey, and 
Phoenix Thompson as part of University of Maryland's INST326 Object Oriented
Programming with Python course. 

## How To Play:
    - Instructions coming soon

## How To Start the Game:
- Download latest version of Python 3 from [python.org](https://www.python.org/)
- Download latest release from directory on the side
- Unzip release into a folder of your choice.
- Copy path name of folder contents were unzipped into
    - Windows: 
        - Right click on file bar (next to search bar), click "Copy address as text"
    - Mac: 
        - Finder -> View -> Show Path Bar, right click on folder at bottom of window then "Copy '<foldername>' as Pathname"
- Open up terminal/console/command prompt (on most OS with a search bar, this can be done by typing 'Terminal')
- Navigate to path name in terminal.
    - For most OS, type `cd ` then paste the path name saved, then hit enter.
- Run `main.py`
    - Windows: 
        - Type ```python main.py```, then hit enter.
    - Unix-Based OS (Including Mac): 
        - Type ```python3 experimental.py```, then hit enter.

For assignment due 2025-04-18:
    - All algorithms implemented for this assignment can be found in gameplay.py

Commit message:

created and started building the annotated bibliography and attribution table

README.md, after:

# INST326-final-project
Welcome to the Tournament of Water Bottle. Encounter monsters and progress your 
squadron as you engage in a deadly series of battles for humanity's soul.

This game was created by Nathan Castelo, Ricardo Hernandez, Aviva Solovey, and 
Phoenix Thompson as part of University of Maryland's INST326 Object Oriented
Programming with Python course. 

## How To Play:
    - Instructions coming soon

## How To Start the Game:
- Download latest version of Python 3 from [python.org](https://www.python.org/)
- Download latest release from directory on the side
- Unzip release into a folder of your choice.
- Copy path name of folder contents were unzipped into
    - Windows: 
        - Right click on file bar (next to search bar), click "Copy address as
             text"
    - Mac: 
        - Finder -> View -> Show Path Bar, right click on folder at bottom of 
            window then "Copy '<foldername>' as Pathname"
- Open up terminal/console/command prompt (on most OS with a search bar, this
     can be done by typing 'Terminal')
- Navigate to path name in terminal.
    - For most OS, type `cd ` then paste the path name saved, then hit enter.
- Run `main.py`
    - Windows: 
        - Type ```python main.py```, then hit enter.
    - Unix-Based OS (Including Mac): 
        - Type ```python3 experimental.py```, then hit enter.

For assignment due 2025-04-18:
    - All algorithms implemented for this assignment can be found in gameplay.py

## Annotated Bibliography:
- Markdown: Tables. Codecademy. (n.d.). 
    https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/markdown/tables 
        - Used to learn how to create a table in a markdown file.

## Attribution:
| Method/Function   | Primary Author | Techniques Demonstrated          |
| ---------------   | ---------------|-------------------------         |
|character_equipment| Aviva Solovey  | f-strings containing expressions |
|set_buff           | Aviva Solovey  | composition of two custom classes|
